README.md, before:

Reproducible Science
====================

A boilerplate for reproducible and transparent science with close resemblances to the philosophy of [Cookiecutter Data Science](https://github.com/drivendata/cookiecutter-data-science): *A logical, reasonably standardized, but flexible project structure for doing and sharing data science work.*

Requirements
------------
Install `cookiecutter` command line: `pip install cookiecutter`    

Usage
-----
To start a new science project:

`cookiecutter gh:mkrapp/cookiecutter-reproducible-science`

Project Structure
-----------------

```
.
├── AUTHORS.md
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── bin                <- Your compiled model code can be stored here (not tracked by git)
├── config             <- Configuration files, e.g., for doxygen or for your model if needed
├── data
│   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
│   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
│   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
│   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
├── docs               <- Documentation, e.g., doxygen or scientific papers (not tracked by git)
├── notebooks          <- Ipython or R notebooks
├── reports            <- For a manuscript source, e.g., LaTeX, Markdown, etc., or any project reports
│   └── figures        <- Figures for the manuscript or reports
└── src                <- Source code for this project
    ├── data           <- scripts and programs to process data
    ├── external       <- Any external source code, e.g., pull other git projects, or external libraries
    ├── models         <- Source code for your own model
    ├── tools          <- Any helper scripts go here
    └── visualization  <- Scripts for visualisation of your results, e.g., matplotlib, ggplot2 related.
```

Check out my latest research project, which successfully applied the `cookiecutter` philosophy: [SEMIC: an efficient surface energy and mass balance model applied to the Greenland ice sheet](https://gitlab.pik-potsdam.de/krapp/semic-project).

License
-------
This project is licensed under the terms of the [BSD License](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Minor changes from forked project.

README.md, after:

Reproducible Science
====================

Forked from: https://github.com/mkrapp/cookiecutter-reproducible-science
A boilerplate for reproducible and transparent science with close resemblances to the philosophy of [Cookiecutter Data Science](https://github.com/drivendata/cookiecutter-data-science): *A logical, reasonably standardized, but flexible project structure for doing and sharing data science work.*

Requirements
------------
Install `cookiecutter` command line: `pip install cookiecutter`    

Usage
-----
To start a new science project:

`cookiecutter gh:Huite/cookiecutter-reproducible-project`

Project Structure
-----------------

```
.
├── AUTHORS.md
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── bin                <- Your compiled model code can be stored here (not tracked by git)
├── config             <- Configuration files, e.g., for doxygen or for your model if needed
├── data
│   ├── 0_external     <- Data external to the project.
│   ├── 1_interim      <- Intermediate data that has been altered.
│   ├── 2_input        <- Model input.
│   ├── 3_raw          <- Raw data dump from the model.
│   └── 4_processed    <- Final data, ready for visualisation.
├── docs               <- Documentation, e.g., doxygen or scientific papers (not tracked by git)
├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks
├── reports            <- For a manuscript source, e.g., LaTeX, Markdown, etc., or any project reports
│   └── figures        <- Figures for the manuscript or reports
└── src                <- Source code for this project
    ├── data           <- scripts and programs to process data
    ├── external       <- Any external source code, e.g., pull other git projects, or external libraries
    ├── models         <- Source code for your own model
    ├── tools          <- Any helper scripts go here
    └── visualization  <- Scripts for visualisation of your results, e.g., matplotlib, ggplot2 related.
```

License
-------
This project is licensed under the terms of the [BSD License](/LICENSE)
